# Case Info
id: 3164
name: ronald
decile_score: 6
decile_score_level: high

# Features
priors_count: 13
c_charge_degree:
juv_fel_count:
family_criminality:
criminal_attitude:
criminal_associates: 4
financial_problems: 0
substance_abuse: 6
noncompliance: 7
social_environment: 1
vocational:

# Feature Levels
priors_count_level: high
c_charge_degree_level:
juv_fel_count_level:
family_criminality_level:
criminal_attitude_level:
criminal_associates_level: medium
financial_problems_level: low
substance_abuse_level: high
noncompliance_level: high
social_environment_level: low
vocational_level:

# Feature Importance
noncompliance_importance_level: high
priors_count_importance_level: medium
substance_abuse_importance_level: medium
criminal_associates_importance_level: low
financial_problems_importance_level: low
social_environment_importance_level: low
c_charge_degree_importance_level: low
juv_fel_count_importance_level: low
family_criminality_importance_level: low
criminal_attitude_importance_level: low
vocational_importance_level: low
