# Case Info
id: 6312
name: james
decile_score: 5
decile_score_level: medium

# Features
priors_count: 9
c_charge_degree:
juv_fel_count:
family_criminality:
criminal_attitude:
criminal_associates: 3
financial_problems: 7
substance_abuse: 4
noncompliance: 5
social_environment: 5
vocational: 8

# Feature Levels
priors_count_level: high
c_charge_degree_level:
juv_fel_count_level:
family_criminality_level:
criminal_attitude_level:
criminal_associates_level: low
financial_problems_level: high
substance_abuse_level: medium
noncompliance_level: medium
social_environment_level: medium
vocational_level: high

# Feature Importance
noncompliance_importance_level: high
substance_abuse_importance_level: high
priors_count_importance_level: high
criminal_associates_importance_level: high
financial_problems_importance_level: low
vocational_importance_level: low
social_environment_importance_level: low
c_charge_degree_importance_level: low
juv_fel_count_importance_level: low
family_criminality_importance_level: low
criminal_attitude_importance_level: low
