# Case Info
id: 10270
name: kathleen
decile_score: 2
decile_score_level: low

# Features
priors_count: 0
c_charge_degree:
juv_fel_count:
family_criminality:
criminal_attitude: 7
criminal_associates: 6
financial_problems: 5
substance_abuse: 4
noncompliance:
social_environment: 3
vocational:

# Feature Levels
priors_count_level: low
c_charge_degree_level:
juv_fel_count_level:
family_criminality_level:
criminal_attitude_level: high
criminal_associates_level: medium
financial_problems_level: medium
substance_abuse_level: medium
noncompliance_level:
social_environment_level: low
vocational_level:

# Feature Importance Levels
criminal_attitude_importance_level: high
criminal_associates_importance_level: medium
substance_abuse_importance_level: medium
financial_problems_importance_level: low
priors_count_importance_level: low
social_environment_importance_level: low
c_charge_degree_importance_level: low
juv_fel_count_importance_level: low
family_criminality_importance_level: low
noncompliance_importance_level: low
vocational_importance_level: low
