# Case Info
id: 142
name: richard
decile_score: 8
decile_score_level: high

# Features
priors_count: 9
c_charge_degree:
juv_fel_count:
family_criminality:
criminal_attitude: 8
criminal_associates: 7
financial_problems: 3
substance_abuse: 8
noncompliance: 6
social_environment: 5
vocational: 4

# Feature Levels
priors_count_level: medium
c_charge_degree_level:
juv_fel_count_level:
family_criminality_level:
criminal_attitude_level: high
criminal_associates_level: high
financial_problems_level: low
substance_abuse_level: high
noncompliance_level: high
social_environment_level: medium
vocational_level: low

# Feature Importance Levels
noncompliance_importance_level: high
substance_abuse_importance_level: high
criminal_attitude_importance_level: high
criminal_associates_importance_level: medium
priors_count_importance_level: medium
social_environment_importance_level: low
vocational_importance_level: low
financial_problems_importance_level: low
c_charge_degree_importance_level: low
juv_fel_count_importance_level: low
family_criminality_importance_level: low
