# Case Info
id: 3504
name: jacolby
decile_score: 4
decile_score_level: medium

# Features
priors_count: 2
c_charge_degree:
juv_fel_count:
family_criminality:
criminal_attitude: 6
criminal_associates:
financial_problems: 4
substance_abuse: 7
noncompliance: 6
social_environment: 4
vocational:

# Feature Levels
priors_count_level: low
c_charge_degree_level:
juv_fel_count_level:
family_criminality_level:
criminal_attitude_level: high
criminal_associates_level:
financial_problems_level: low
substance_abuse_level: high
noncompliance_level: high
social_environment_level: medium
vocational_level:

# Feature Importance Levels
noncompliance_importance_level: high
substance_abuse_importance_level: high
criminal_attitude_importance_level: high
financial_problems_importance_level: low
priors_count_importance_level: low
social_environment_importance_level: low
criminal_associates_importance_level: low
c_charge_degree_importance_level: low
juv_fel_count_importance_level: low
family_criminality_importance_level: low
vocational_importance_level: low
