# Case Info
id: 5436
name: monique
decile_score: 2
decile_score_level: low

# Features
priors_count: 
c_charge_degree:
juv_fel_count:
family_criminality:
criminal_attitude: 7
criminal_associates: 6
financial_problems: 6
substance_abuse:
noncompliance: 3
social_environment: 9
vocational: 9

# Feature Levels
priors_count_level: 
c_charge_degree_level:
juv_fel_count_level:
family_criminality_level:
criminal_attitude_level: high
criminal_associates_level: high
financial_problems_level: low
substance_abuse_level:
noncompliance_level: high
social_environment_level: high
vocational_level: high

# Feature Importance Levels
noncompliance_importance_level: high
criminal_associates_importance_level: high
criminal_attitude_importance_level: high
social_environment_importance_level: low
vocational_importance_level: low
financial_problems_importance_level: low
c_charge_degree_importance_level: low
juv_fel_count_importance_level: low
family_criminality_importance_level: low
priors_count_importance_level: low
substance_abuse_importance_level: low
