# Case Info
id: 6877
name: lashunda
decile_score: 2
decile_score_level: low

# Features
priors_count: 
c_charge_degree:
juv_fel_count:
family_criminality:
criminal_attitude: 8
criminal_associates: 1
financial_problems: 4
substance_abuse: 5
noncompliance: 5
social_environment: 6
vocational: 4

# Feature Levels
priors_count_level: 
c_charge_degree_level:
juv_fel_count_level:
family_criminality_level:
criminal_attitude_level: high
criminal_associates_level: low
financial_problems_level: low
substance_abuse_level: medium
noncompliance_level: medium
social_environment_level: low
vocational_level: low

# Feature Importance Levels
noncompliance_importance_level: medium
substance_abuse_importance_level: medium
criminal_associates_importance_level: low
social_environment_importance_level: low
priors_count_importance_level: low
vocational_importance_level: low
financial_problems_importance_level: low
c_charge_degree_importance_level: low
juv_fel_count_importance_level: low
family_criminality_importance_level: low
criminal_attitude_importance_level: high
