# Case Info
id: 9659
name: rabe
decile_score: 4
decile_score_level: medium

# Features
priors_count:
c_charge_degree: M
juv_fel_count:
family_criminality:
criminal_attitude:
criminal_associates: 6
financial_problems: 3
substance_abuse: 5
noncompliance: 5
social_environment: 3
vocational:

# Feature Levels
priors_count_level:
c_charge_degree_level: medium
juv_fel_count_level:
family_criminality_level:
criminal_attitude_level:
criminal_associates_level: high
financial_problems_level: low
substance_abuse_level: medium
noncompliance_level: high
social_environment_level: low
vocational_level:

# Feature Importance Levels
noncompliance_importance_level: high
substance_abuse_importance_level: medium
criminal_associates_importance_level: high
social_environment_importance_level: low
priors_count_importance_level: low
vocational_importance_level: low
financial_problems_importance_level: low
c_charge_degree_importance_level: medium
juv_fel_count_importance_level: low
family_criminality_importance_level: low
criminal_attitude_importance_level: low
